hello everyone
guess what day today is brian
what's today
your booth graphics are due day
it's like neat steam music oh man it
does let's
that's go i know it's everyone's
favorite day
uh
i know because my email is exploding
that's how i know it's my everyone's
yeah everyone's waiting all year ryan
for you to look at their boots yes yes
please let me know brian uh
is today truly
truly booth graphic due date day and the
answer is yes folks have no fear it
absolutely is so
we've made it
oh boy uh
well
okay let's rock and roll i uh
i see people uh rolling on in here so
that's great uh hello again everyone
i'm excited to have you all
let's uh let's go through some updates i
first and foremost just putting it out
there i i do want to say thank you to
everyone i have been
going through
um just our tracker to make sure that
we're we are getting graphics submitted
and it looks like
so many of you between yesterday and
today have
have submitted i'm seeing uh
i mean yikes there's got to be
50 of you that have that have submitted
um
you know overnight
so appreciate that we still have quite a
bit though that we're waiting on and so
uh it's it's just an important reminder
that it is booth graphics day so about
117 of you are still waiting on your
graphics to submit um
oh and i'm even seeing some actually no
that's that's a lot less there's
maybe a hundred of you a hundred of you
that were um were waiting on so just
remember today is the day uh
we'll go through it on this webinar but
just to say it up front for those of you
that weren't a part of it
last week's uh messaging or missed my
email
with this this the today's day is
important because after today if it's
not submitted there is the late fee and
that late fee is has nothing to do with
saster i'd love to blame saster and say
yes saster how dare you but it's not us
frankly it has nothing to do with us our
printer is the one that's issuing the
late fee and so that is something where
we don't have any say on it it is
something that's important so please
please please please please with a
capital p with an underlying and bold
maybe slightly italicized please make
sure our
your booth graphics are getting
submitted today the details on how to do
that are literally in the spec document
you're going to drop them right into the
the dropbox and by god they're going to
go right to our printer so just please
please please but please please and
we're going to do this again in about
two seconds in a slide deck but please
please please make sure that your
graphics are getting submitted today all
right um
[Music]
let's do it shall we
do you want me to share my screen um
no
wait hello chris yes
i hear you
you're here
so as as we pull up our screen there and
and our doc here i'm brian just remember
i i uh i lead all sastra's sponsorships
and revenue um and uh many of you have
spoken to me on the phone if you have
not spoken me i promise at annual i want
to speak to you i want to know you i
want to meet you so let's make sure we
do that
uh and this is my
beloved uh colleague amelia
beloved
yeah everyone loves you
um hello everyone and for those who may
not know me i'm um the faster svp here i
helped head up our um
marketing events and production teams so
um happy to connect
uh for our sponsors as we're getting
closer to faster annual so um without
further ado um we'll go ahead and get
started so that we have time for um
q a today hopefully you can see
my screen so um as always if you need
anything from any one of us all of our
emails are listed here i know you guys
have seen this because we've gotten more
emails in the last week but that's voted
for um so if you need any one of us um
these are your main pocs um as always if
you need an answer the fastest i highly
recommend emailing sponsored success
first such a sponsor success
because they can help route it to the
right person because sometimes
you know
i love kevin but he may not know
how much it is for power off the top of
his head
i don't even know off the top of my head
um
that's a good one to reach out to um
anything speakers related for those who
do have content um
usually best to go to speakers at
fastrate.com and then my emails on here
i'm just i am actually ai strength.com
it's not like a artificial bot of me
it's just my initials just me so it does
work some of you would be able to be
there i've responded
um cool we're also 60 days out faster
annual it's september 13th or 15th just
a quick comment here um i know some of
you have reached back out to our team
saying that some of the broom blocks are
full
so just to clarify if you've not booked
your hotel yet you can still do so
um
some of our room blocks the rates are
sold out so crown plaza is like
completely sold out because it's
um there's a few nearby
uh there's like a
marriott
um there's like actually a couple
marriotts nearby and there's some other
ones that we we do still have discounted
rates at um that you can book still so
we can go through that later if you guys
have not booked yet on this call um but
also just to know like you can still
look at some of these outside of our
discounted rate it just means our
discounted rate is completely gone and
full and has been used um but if you do
like cuckoo hotel search for like san
mateo hotels which i just did this
morning um there's still a lot of hotels
in there that you can look at that are
still reasonable rates for now though i
know they're starting to go up so
definitely look at that
um so then for today we really wanted to
go through
some reminders and deadlines as one of
the
deadlines is today and so as brian was
mentioning booth graphics are indeed due
today so youtube need to submit them by
five o'clock pacific time so i know
there's a few questions in the q a like
what's the latest i can send it today
five o'clock pacific time today to be
considered on time if it's 501 it's late
you know how people say that thing like
if you're on time
or if you're earlier on time that's how
it is with food graphics
501 late 5 o'clock right on time
501 late 502 late
pacific time folks so it's currently 10
a.m here 10 09. you need some little
time conversion you've got a few hours
until 5 pm pacific
um
you can do it but it is 5 p.m pacific
today
i believe in you all you all can get
your graphics in
if for some reason you're like i
you're sweating it you're stressing it
you're not going to make it on time
please don't stress you can just paint
this booth graphics late fee it's a
little it's a nominal fee it doesn't go
to us it's a printer since they have to
print this later
um
which are all listed here so in the case
of where you think you want to just pay
the flight fee you don't want to stress
it you want to turn your graphics in
tomorrow or friday um
you can do that
the
if for those because i'm getting
questions in the q and a like if i am
going to submit late and pay this late
fee when do i need to have my graphics
buy
the answer is still asap so that we can
make sure that what you want to design
can actually be printed the way you want
it to be printed so that we can get you
a proof so that's what's called giving
you a proof so anyone who has the minute
or you know everyone who's submitting
today
will get a proof back of like what your
graphics will look like laid out on the
booth replacement only so that you can
say like yeah i actually like that or
like oh i actually don't like how that
looks um and i want to change something
and then you give your final approval by
the 12th so if you are going to pay the
slate fee
and you are going to submit late you
still do need to submit by august 3rd
which is only about a week away from now
so you still do need to submit it within
the next week um it only buys you about
a week of time for some of you you might
be on this call being like i'm a goal
700 bucks is worth it for an extra week
of time
and you can do that but no also like our
team will be emailing you constantly
after today if your graphics are not in
for an eta can make sure we can get you
in
as soon as possible uh because again we
do want to make sure that your booth
graphics can get printed and they look
the way that you want them to and sounds
like that can take longer so that your
final approvals are all in by the 12th
i'm gonna hold on i'm just gonna check
the questions here
just make sure
okay so people are asking have i
specifically submitted
um
[Music]
and we will get to those at the end okay
cool so hopefully this all makes sense
for folks
um
if you're submitting today you're like
my designers literally seriously
you know clicking over the computer in
copy suite creating these new graphics
um
be sure you follow these artwork
guidelines if you do have a design team
um the best way to do it it's just
within the native files
um using like you know adobe creative
cloud if you're doing it in some other
platform that's fine too just send a pdf
um
for
for your submissions um
all the artwork guidelines you guys
again should have i'm hoping you're just
finishing up your booths not starting
them today
and then submitting them um so just as a
reminder if you have not submitted yet
or you're in the process of finalizing
yours um a few things we have seen from
people who have submitted their graphic
um always keep in mind these items when
you are
designing they are on the bleed lines of
the artwork but i still see people like
put things in front of the counter i'm
like your counter is kind of like that
um i've seen people put like a tv on
their design you don't need to put a
fake tv you just need to follow the
blade lines and put your design there um
with this counter too
um you can decide on site which side you
want to be on so just keep that in mind
as you're designing that's not on the
bleed line because it's not on the back
wall so just something to keep in mind
there that we've seen is like making
sure your counter you know if you're
putting tech all the way down here where
the cloud is
people are probably not going to see it
if you're putting your counter on this
side or if you're putting your camera on
this side then like you can put stuff
here but like also if there's people
standing in your booth you may not see
like text that hits like kind of the
bottom third um so just a few things to
keep in mind there also it's up to you
what you put up here this is just a
sample like you can put your logo there
on the top center above the tv
you don't have to some people are some
people aren't people are using this
counter but just try and visualize it
all together if you can with this layout
because that is how it's going to print
and that is how you're going to get
approved back from freeman um i have
somebody asking in the chat great
question can we choose not to have the
tv absolutely you just need to tell us
that when you submit um you just say hey
i actually don't want this monitor
you can design full you can also say i
don't want that back cabinet but most
people need it for storage
you could say you don't want the current
one but most people like to stand at it
but yeah you could say that you don't
want these things and let us know so
that you can fully design that back wall
great question um for those who are
finishing their designs again just to my
point earlier with a more visual example
um
it is oops sorry let me go back so this
is again what it looks like of like some
people put a tagline up here some people
put you know their logo above the
monitor some people put text up here
because you can still read it
um and keep like the front counter kind
of simple or the back like lower design
kind of simpler so you can see the front
counter so just trying to help you guys
visualize as you're putting the final
touches
on your boots of how they kind of like
come into fruition and for uh to play
also keep in mind we are outside so um
i've seen some like darker colors on
booths like a lot of like all blacks
with like white pops of color um there's
a few of those actually so
not that it will not look good i think
if you do the contrast right it can look
good just keep in mind when you print
anything that's a lot of black like
it's always going to be
a little risky so that's just with
anything in life where you print a lot
of lacking
um so yeah these are examples from last
year these are some of the graphics that
have already been submitted so you can
feel like they kind of like left space
for their monitor here for their little
rocket ship to go through um
they put their text up here so that you
know nothing's really blocking it
doesn't matter people stand in front of
these palm trees they've kept like kind
of the lower background more of a
gradient so if people or counters or
puppies are standing in front of it it's
not going to block their design in the
text so
um just a reminder there is finishing up
great question in the chat from
lisa fb
any suggestions on what we can do with
the glare on our monitor so yeah let me
that's a good question let me go back
here um i will say if you do a highly
contrasted
booth loop for your tvs um that will
help you're not gonna always be in the
glare all day long um for some of your
newer or for those who are from
last year you the sun moves during the
day so depending on where you are in the
sponsor hall and where the sun is
hitting your tent um will determine the
amount of like like these people really
don't have glare because they're in the
shade this one has a bit more glare
because it's in the sun and it's like
mid-afternoon when we took this photo
um but i will say it will help if you
have like high contrast things that
you're doing on your digital booth loop
um so by contrast i mean like if you do
like a whatever purple background white
text
make it easier to read
um i also know like video has worked
kind of better
playing a video
um versus having it be static on the
screen um because sometimes it's like
layering out in your computer like
frozen on the same thing um it kind of
trips the monitor a little bit there so
um great question
not something to be thinking about today
of what to put on your monitors because
booth graphics are due but something to
be thinking about soon
what you'll be displaying on
these monitors anything else to add
there right before we go to the next one
i think if if you choose not to use a
monitor it's also okay um
it's completely your choice it could be
a strong choice depending on how you're
building out your traffic the big thing
that i would say is as i'm reviewing i i
review as many of these as i possibly
can the big thing i would say is that
the printer is really really good at
making these like really high def
beautiful printings so like don't be
afraid to put something that's really
eye-catching on these because they're
going to print really beautifully so
just like keep that in mind if you're
going to do one tone two-tone color and
and go to go to market that's fine you
can do that if that if that's your style
and that's what you want to do
but if you also want to if you want to
put like something that's a little bit
more catchy or a little bit more graphic
like
it will show really nice so don't be
afraid to just get a you know i know
some of you most of you have already
built here so don't go crazy i guess
don't go nuts and don't go try to throw
out everything but i guess what i'm
saying is that i haven't seen anyone go
like
i've seen people go creative i haven't
seen someone go like
super two-toned i saw one or two i saw
one or two super two-toned which is fine
if it's on brand for you like i'm here
for it i just want to make sure you know
that it will print nice so that's all
yeah it will yeah it's good
it's a good call out um okay so those
are the golds again this is all of
what's included with your booth for some
reason you want to double check these
specs before you submit today the link
is there for the full specs um you're
really designing the back wall this
front counter and the side panel
these side panels you can design too
some people are designing to use some
people are just designing one and saying
i want the same thing on both sides
that's fine just if you don't upload two
of these side panels we'll assume you
want the same panel on both we're just
calling that up for folks
um and something we've seen in the
submissions
okay
um onto super goals these are slightly
different because there's slightly more
things in the booth um
and so they have this like pop-out panel
um which is cool um
and these are samples of last year so
again it looked slightly different last
year with some of the furniture um but
you can see how you know the design
really incorporated like this cabin that
goes here the tv goes here and so their
design is very left aligned and they
repeated some of their main tag line on
to
their um front i will call out i will
call out on this one the one thing and
and like that i will flag to even for
some of my sponsors you'll notice that
they put four bullet points on their
back wall but even on this picture you
can really it's hard to read yeah
keep in mind larger text is going to be
is going it's always better
or for this smaller text is gonna be
hard to read
yep agreed um
so
yes
that is
that is a good call out yeah
you want to make your text like
billboard size like really really good
really good like
um it's a good like if you have a sub
tag line right because it's pay save so
it's plug into pay save they have like a
sub tag line plus their bullet points
like yeah you can't read those when
you're in the booth like so if you're
good with that you're good with that um
if you want to make this bigger like
maximize your revenue with integrated
payments like you could take up this
entire space so that people could see it
like when they're standing outside
yeah um
yeah
good call out there um
so yeah this is like an example from
this year like you can see how they've
designed it and they've actually mocked
it so that they can visualize the space
with like here's the front counter and
this is going to be their pop-out
wing as i call it the wing and they have
left a line to their text and made it
nice and clear and legible so that
people can read it from afar so just if
it's helpful we want to show you guys
some examples of people who've already
submitted
okay
so coming in to the super goals here
there's a few questions on these side
panels for super cool we'll try and
answer them as we go um
which ones are the side panels and the
specs for the super gold these are the
side panels there's g2 g3 which are like
the pop-out panels um and then fg-1 is
like the left-hand panel because they
all pop out on the right um so just one
thing to
keep in mind there and these panels are
right here on this spec for
the sorry anonymous attendee i don't
know if you are but
anonymous sponsor um those specs are
here for these
um there's also a question on
will the side panel be harder to read
um people have honestly like they put
their social icons here um i'll go back
to the gold example here
um you can see like they aren't skinny
and narrow right like on the sides so
what i've seen most people do this year
is either like you can kind of see it
here um with shortcut like they actually
just extended their design out so that
it creates kind of like a 3d element
some people are just putting like their
logo really big on the side i will say
if you put a lot of text on the side to
brian's point it can be smaller and
harder to reach just because of the
nature of how big this actual panel is
um so that's one where we've seen people
either just like extend their design out
um impacted the same thing they just
kind of like extended their beach scene
out here um or some people just put like
a plain text background with like their
name really big on it um
so yeah i don't recommend putting
anything that's like super super
important on the side panel it's more of
like a additional thing
um which is why like shaman has like
there are social icons on the side
um a monitor related question
for folks oh sorry
um
a couple more questions on the super
goal you guys can keep them coming in um
so i'm gonna go here it says so the
super gold has a pop out so yeah this
area g2 g3 does actually hover
above
your back panel so you can see how like
they've designed this
like blue wall back here and the screen
actually pops out
above it so yes it has a pop out
technically i call it a wing
it's a logo
it pops out though so yeah it's a 3d
like element so yeah it does go over so
if you have a super gold yet make sure
you don't to find something like that
goes behind that pop out
um
cool another related question on the
boots is if we want to have a monitor on
a monitor stand instead of the back wall
can we do that um it does depend
on the size of your booth
um just because anything you have has to
fit within the parameters of your booth
so if you have a gold it's not really
going to fit a monitor on a stand here
because you can think about like two
people basically standing here it's
gonna take up the face of your booth um
and then in a super gold
you don't really have room because
there's
tables here so i would say if you to do
that lisa letter if you know because you
might have to switch around some of the
furniture in here to do like smaller
furniture monitor on the stand versus
monitor back here
it's really
personal i call it personal preference
okay cool um
is our right side panel behind the wing
in the super gold
um so the panel behind the swing and the
super gold is fg too so this whole
entire back wall is behind the panel
um so you do need to design it so that
whatever you're designing here on this
back wall does not get obstructed by the
panel
and again they'll lay it out to you once
you submit um so that you can make any
changes if anything gets cut off
um
there
okay cool um there's also a question
like what happens if i submit before we
go to platinum what happens if i submit
and i don't like it so yeah this is
this is why we have these deadlines that
we do it's for any typos that are
getting catched which we've got some it
happens
like catching any typo seeing if
anything gets cut off weirdly like
thing if you like how your design is
going to look like as a proof all
together right with all the elements in
the booth and so yeah once you submit
today um
you'll get approved back in the next
week or so just depending on when you
submitted um and then you'll get a
chance to change it before your final
final approval on the 12th that's why
it's due today so that you have time if
you for some reason need to change it
you have the time to change it before
your final approval on the 12.
okay so then coming into platinums these
are a little bit bigger a little bit
different um there's more monitors on
these which is cool
um and there is a huge
um
uh front counter here so um when you're
designing this one for any plans who are
on the call um i've seen most of you
um like kind of centralize your designs
and then use these two monitors again if
you're a platinum and you're like i only
want one monitor i don't know which one
just say the left one and you want to
put text here again just let us know if
they like hey or just not one monitor on
this side
and that is configurable
and yeah make sure you've got some nice
prime real estate in the platinum for
this front welcome counter um so
definitely use it i've seen some folks
already submit with like cool taglines
really cool designs
um so yeah definitely that's what it
looks like last year so you can see the
yeah good reminder from ryan to just
keep any text really really big
you see it
really big really big
space
or the next row
um
cool that's platinums
cool there's a few questions in the q a
just one overall booth
um
is there space for me to bring stuff in
like flag or
you know like newsstands or plants or
whatever it may be so as long as it fits
within the footprint of your booth you
can bring it in
some of you are bringing more team
members versus less icons some of you
are bringing more items versus less team
members um so it really depends on how
you plan on staffing your booth it's
something to think about like a gold
will comfortably fit
two to three people at once more than
that it gets really cramped so
um i would keep that in mind super goal
you can fit quite a bit more especially
because you do have a communal table
here like obviously like half your aes
can take up this side and like two more
people can fit here and like you can fit
somebody on the side so like if you
wanted to max out the people you could
easily do like five or six one rotation
and
um but then like you'd have no space for
like other stuff like if you want to put
some swag on this table or whatever
so it's really again personal preference
by sponsor of like what you're trying to
activate um but it does just as a rough
roll need to fit within the
parameters of your booth
so that your neighbors don't yell at you
because you will have most of you will
have neighbors some of you will not have
been breaking
i just know
something
i've been getting this this question a
lot and so if you're if you're just
tuning in uh real quick just everyone
dial into this answer real fast because
i'm getting it a ton
in the spec document we sent you
is the instructions on how to submit
your specs correct many of you are
emailing the sales team your specs your
sales team has no
ability to do anything with them
please well your sales team just can't
name your files for you so yeah it's
better if you fall
it's better that you name your files
it's better that you submit them it also
when you submit them according to the
instructions there
they go directly to the printer like it
doesn't even like how do i know brian
that it got submitted
because you put them in that folder like
that's the answer they you're they're
there therefore we have them therefore
they're there uh so
we please just go in and and you can you
can submit them right there it's it's a
drop link
do it now
really easy
um anyway sorry i just wanted to go over
there i'm getting that question no it's
been good it's a good call as we wrap up
food since i was on the platinums
anyhoom uh anyhow
anyway what do you
when you click yeah when you click the
boost text um the full booster there it
does say how to submit it also we
dropped it into these slides to make it
easier for you all so on these slides
there's like this handy little link it
says to submit your artwork please
upload it here so you're gonna click
that link um and you're gonna follow the
instructions that are on our slides and
in your boots back
to you know put in your email and then
you're going to select your file so it
really is that easy um you're going to
put your name
which and then you know once you submit
your files you'll know what company it
is because it'll say your name
and also in your email uh but yes you do
need to name them
sorry i hate google slides um these
specific things like for a platinum
right you need to name your panels
oh no why is it doing that you need to
name your panels
which one i'm going to pause right there
you have to name your panel
which one is which because otherwise we
won't know like
side is what's your front this is your
back fella so
um yes name your files accordingly and
then hit that link
and i'm going to drop it in the chat
right now actually just to make it
easier for everyone in life
boom
hold on
to everyone okay you've got me
you've got the link there yes
yeah please don't our team doesn't know
how to name your files we don't know
which one is front back or left you tell
us what we had for breakfast there's a
little bit of that too
all right um cool there's one more
related booth question i'll answer here
live um
does sasser have an approved list of
vendors for printing swag or merch
how long does the turnaround time take
so you do for merch and like swag in
particular you do not need to use on a
proof vendor you can use whoever you'd
like
and depending on your vendor their
turnaround times will vary
um i will say highly recommend doing
that this week if you've already
submitted your booth or like the moment
after you submit your booth just because
like post postcode of it i'll put in
your quotes um turnaround times for
shipping just in general have gotten
really long as well as production times
so to avoid any rush fees
i highly recommend reaching out to
whatever vendor for swag you like
and getting a quote from them if you
need to do something quick and you're
like oh shoot i haven't thought about
this and like now i need to do it now um
there are a few vendors that we've used
in the past that you can certainly use
it doesn't mean they're approved doctor
tries to be agnostic about all things
complaints
non you know non-hold on vendor
conference because we're not we don't
have a software um but if you do need
some swag um there's a few ones that you
can i mean you can honestly vista print
something that's usually pretty quick
they do have merchandise um
for merge do if you want to bring like a
roll-up because it fits within the
confines of your booth again you can do
that through something like a vista
print or like a foreign print it just
has to fit in the confines of your boot
not outside the lines of your roots
inside the lines of
um so yeah you can totally use something
like a vista print or a for imprint it's
pretty fast they have like fresh order
ones um if you're looking for more like
shirts and stuff um we've used people
like margology we've used fresh order
teeth ortiz.com people it's a great it's
a great company um we've used them for
something and they are to their name
really fast
that's all shirts though like if you're
looking for like super custom apparel um
that really depends on what you're
looking for and that usually has like a
longer turnaround time so like some of
the normal-ish stuff like shorts um like
smaller swag items you can get through
one of those vendors i'm sure there are
others
um those are just some of the ones we've
used because of that
and their turnaround time depends on
what it is
uh i will say just a note on swag that
i've been giving everyone just since we
brought it up if you're going to do
something fun for if you're going to do
like a special swag item for saster do
something fun do something that stands
out everyone's getting the same water
bottle otherwise so like yeah that's
true
like
i think
when swag is done correctly i have some
that i like use in my like everyday
travel or everyday life like when swag
is done correctly it's
timeless like it just keeps being used
so try to try to think outside the box
it doesn't need to be
the same oh everyone's got i think at
this point the yeti water bottle so
anyway
yeah it's a good call that like faster
does have um swag in the swag stores
like we do like tote bags water bottles
t-shirts um
i was not thinking to turn into a fly
conversation but i like it
it's i've seen i've seen um i've seen
really cool things like anywhere from
like duffel bags to
that's longer though usually yeah yeah
yeah i saw wooden sunglasses last year
like yeah there's some cool we saw like
radio fly was frisbees i'm like what's
the word
yeah like there's there's some just cool
like picnic blankets like we are outside
so yeah definitely last year we could do
a swag deep dive next week as well this
is a good call out guys um
like we've seen people again some of
these have longer lead times or like our
custom duffel bag is longer than like a
t-shirt which most people can do on a
rush
um someone asked me about bringing in
and having an artist if as long as it
stayed in the confines of their booth if
they could do an artist and then like
uh ship the caricatures yeah like yeah
we've had people in the past do like
yeah not like specific swag activation
but like activation so like caricatures
or like rex has had a magician for many
years
um some people have done like the artist
thing of like i'll bring in an artist
and like give you the thing we've had
people do like the
the silhouette so like cut out
silhouettes and so yeah if it fits in
the confines of your booth
and you're and you're thinking of doing
it do let our sponsored success team
know
because you know if you're going to
bring a magician the magician needs to
ban you
your artist
needs a badge um if there's anything
like they need power or like you know
your artist needs like access to water
for any watercolors like do let us know
if you're gonna bring in that part of
activation it doesn't always have to be
a strict apparel item which is a good
call out
okay good for thought but we can do a
deep dive next week that's a good one
yeah
all right um so
we haven't said it enough in the last 30
minutes you're both crafting today by 5
pm
there's like just like five people who
have an exception so they know who they
are so
um the next thing that will be due after
your booth graphics for those who have
content so super goals and up who do
have content your slides are due next
wednesday so next wednesday august 3rd
you've another deadline upcoming um
for slides so i dropped in a few do's
and don'ts here you guys should have the
full speaker brief which is actually
even more in-depth if you want to get
into all of it here because it's lengthy
but basically do send your slides next
week um so that we can
review them the sooner the better
doesn't mean you cannot start submitting
earlier
but we do need your slides and slides
are required so
yes they are required so
that's it that's your next thing
um
next thing to do after
you submitted your boots and sent us
your slides is to register your team for
annuals some of you have done this some
of you did it after the webinar last
week so thanks to those who did that
hoping some of you do that this week
after this week's webinar do register
your team first master annual really
important we want to get you guys all in
um otherwise we'll start accounting
we're trying to get an accurate count of
you know everyone as a father has a
certain allotment we're trying to see
who's actually
over under below um so that we can make
sure we have
like coffee and food for all of you
which i'm sure you want
um but that um as a last callout not to
overwhelm you all with to do's but um
some of you have given us your customer
list of customers who would like to
invite pastor annual thank you for doing
that those are going to get uploaded on
a weekly basis um usually on thursdays
so for those who have sent yours um
we'll send you like a little
confirmation once they've been ticketed
tomorrow because tomorrow's thursday and
for those who haven't done this yet we
do
need this in the next
week well use of the 31st
i so yeah i i um
just want to call that out so i i'm
practicing people brian i did put we did
put pressure on this we are able to
extend it people did ask actually i want
to say thank you because many of the
sponsors have been reaching out here and
and like they're actively working on it
you have your sales teams going after it
so like thanks that's awesome we want
i've seen some of the lists and the
names that are being put in are really
good people like these are people that
everyone wants to meet not just you guys
which is i think great um so thank you
for taking the time and making sure that
you have great people coming uh yes i
think we can push this out amelia i will
openly say i did tell some people that
the absolute deadline for this would be
august 12th um all right absolute
absolute deadline absolute drop dead
drop dead on the 12th it it's two weeks
from now
it should give you all like a kickoff in
august but then the 12th so please
um you know
if you can but it's 12 we do
it this affects a lot of things so i
mean
a lot of you but if you can imagine it
affects the amount of food we have to
order effects the amount of badges we
need to order effects affects everything
so like anything that somebody's getting
on site it affects that so we need to
have the lead time we can't do this up
to the day before that would be
insanity yeah please please please uh be
mindful of that but we want to have and
also be mindful that your your customer
for the most part if you're not in the
bay area it has to travel so yeah so you
might want to give them a heads up i
want to keep my hands up you might want
to give them hands up yeah you know
anyway uh so that's that's um yeah but
thank you to everyone that's been doing
this i think that for those of you that
are doing this you're going to see the
return by doing it i i am banking on
that this will really make um annual
that much more special for you all
yes agreed um so yeah again this is you
don't have to do this if you're like i
don't wanna invite my customers i only
wanna talk to new people
i said no whatever
it's not mandatory it's just if you do
wanna invite up to ten customers choose
after
honest some of you have done this
already so thank you for doing that and
sending us your customer lists um so
that you can set meetings with them we
just figured we're trying this as an
experiment we hadn't done this before um
which is why we do have a deadline
around it because we i have no estimate
for how many people are going to do this
and there's a lot of you a sponsor so
the sooner you can do it the better um
not to say that your customers still
can't like buy a ticket and meet you at
zapster after the date just it won't be
free which is you know free free to you
as a sponsor not free disaster we are
doing this as an add value and yes every
person who comes
yeah says there is a cost for identity
so it's anything like use this i mean
use this yeah
guys like inflation sucks
definitely
use this
yeah
all right
um cool i think that's what we want to
hit thanks for bearing with us and it
was a little longer but hopefully we
answered most of the booth questions
along the way
let me see if we have any other
questions i know we answered a lot of
them and brian was fiercely typing
yeah i know i was i was i was going can
you please confirm the vaccine
requirements my notes from two calls ago
say the option that option three is no
vaccine but covered within 270 days the
no no all right hold on
yeah hold on i'm gonna pull it up yes
because that was a complicated question
too so just to restate the question
um
and i do welcome any other follow-up
questions on our health and safety
um guidelines so let me share my screen
here they are on
faster annual.com
but if you have not seen them because
you've been in booth graphics land um
these are our health and safety
guidelines so one
you need to do
one of these three things and it is
required so one either been boosted
whenever
for those who went through europa we had
like a a day requirement for being in
europe
that's not the case the annual so just
boost it at any time so anytime you got
either a second or third depending on
what your shot is
if you got boosted baby you're in like
you're good um if you've not gotten
boosted because you just got your backs
in the last 270 days
meaning you're not eligible to get
boosted yet that's okay too so if you
just if you relate to the party for a
number of reasons and you just got
vaccinated in the last 270 days that's
okay so that's option two either boosted
or you just got like you're fully backed
recently
um the third option
is actually received a vaccination plus
a recovery letter
instead of a booster so it's not an
either or kind of thing it's if you have
received your vaccination recently
and you do have a recovery certificate
most doctors don't want you to get a
booster if you just have the coverage
they want you to wait to get your
booster so if that's you then send us
your recovery certificate the best way
to get a very specific answer on your
specific
covid
um vaccination status is to email our
health and safety team
it is registration
factory
inc dot com or you can do annual
factoring.com they both go to the same
place some of you have already been
emailing these teams
either one works it goes to the same
place if you've got a very specific
question you want them to take a look at
it just be super sure those are the
people to ask that's our health and
safety team we've had for two years now
and they'll get you the answer
the best people ask they know more than
i do
that's one on vaccinations two we are
also requiring these are all
stacking not either or um proof of
negative covet test within 72 hours of
entrance for all in person attendees
there will be testing available on site
so
if you're coming for like sponsor
loading day
on sunday or monday the lines are not
going to be that long
um but if you come you know on tuesday
which is day one of annual plans are
going to be longer and you're going to
wait so highly recommend as a sponsor
you have everyone come in and either
bring your test with you which you can
do um
or get tested on the sponsor loading
days before everyone else showed up to
annual
and yes um person who was asking we need
covetous regardless of vaccine
requirements yes it is not either or
these are stacking so it's facts plus
negative tests plus we're going to do
passive temperature checks each day of
the event so that no one comes sick
okay
okay lots of questions still coming in
i'm glad that's fine
we means people are paying attention we
have not selected our booth have you
sent communication about it all right so
look we're on wave three which means
that if you've not heard from us yet
we're on wave three um there's several
waves we do this by contract signature
date so if i will say it's been going
faster than it was originally scheduled
much faster much faster because
everyone's been on top of it which we
appreciate
um so the answer is so
you know as soon as your wave is up um
you will receive an email from us and uh
your sales team if you have not engaged
you've not selected if you're not like
responding we're also going to engage we
want to make sure that you're you're set
to go so there are 100
uh we're on top of it if you've not
received it yet don't fret uh we're only
on wave three so that is that one
any info about parking pass costs
um
emilia
yeah this it well depending on
where if you're
coming in just for loading this question
just for loaders for the whole
conference
let's just do both
[Laughter]
if you are local and or renting a car
because you have a lot of swag and
you're like we're just gonna drive over
or there's a lot of you at one hotel
that's not
near the shuttle and you want to drive
over instead of ubering because uber's
get it does surge price i think we
talked about this last week it does
search price for rideshare or else
faster it's that big enough where you
know sometimes a rental car is actually
cheaper than like ubering your team back
and forth
um
in terms of forking we will have this
information in the next couple weeks
we're actually trying to
see if we can fit everyone on site to
avoid parking fees and like extra
shuttles so
tvd but hopefully good news there
um related question on when will the
shuttle schedule be released that's
usually about like two weeks before the
event
um
it might be sooner again it's just a
matter of how many people we could park
on site um because there was i don't
know if you guys came last year i think
you were there laura um there was some
construction stuff going around
around san mateo that is now done which
does free up some of the space that we
can do last year for parking um which
affects what we're trying to do this
year so to come soon but we'll
definitely cover it on this webinar once
we have it
this is a good question the super gold
sponsor
sponsorship have a speaking slot so
not all of them yeah i understand why
this is a confusion a confusing question
uh the early super golds the ones that
signed up early early early the first i
forget how many it was the first
allotment had attended yeah
the upgrades that we have left now do
not they're they're they're booth
upgrades um you know we only have a
limited quantity of speaking sessions
every year which is a great point to say
that
we will have renewals about 30 percent
of our work
done within 30 days after
disaster annual so if you're in super
gold by far is the first booth to get
picked so if you want to have a spot
next year to keep that in mind and you
might want to plan ahead to secure that
uh and the best way to secure that would
be to be one of the first people to say
yup me please me me
okay that is that answer uh have details
for advanced shipping been emailed out
yes
um if for some reason you haven't gotten
it just female sponsored success it's in
like the fuller
not in this booth yeah it's in the
exhibitor kit it's not in the booth
flicks because that's just for the
artwork it's in the larger exhibitor kit
that you guys got i know it's kind of
long but it is down there it's long but
it's in there
um
okay
when do registration
start
oh good question okay so for we will
cover swag next week since a few of you
guys have been asking about that and
like activations that's a good topic for
next week we will also cover brain dates
next week before they launch
um because they will be launching at the
end of next week but we'll give you guys
a deep dive before they launch let you
know how they all work
before it goes live so great question
the answer is next week come back to the
webinar
um
okay and then uh
any information about lead scanners yet
yes we we internally just reviewed all
the information on lead scanners we are
not releasing this for you guys yet
because your both graphics are due
and then
if you have content your slides are due
the week after um so plan on not the
next webinar but the webinar after to be
more around um
uh
lead scanners which we don't want to hit
you guys with everything
at once um unlike the licenses because
yeah you'll need to send us all that too
we're trying to keep it to mid we
already have a lot of ctas you gotta
submit your booth you gotta register
your team you gotta tell us your
customers are coming you gotta submit
your your content so we're just
we're trying to limit it so that you
know after everyone gets their booth and
everyone gets their content then we'll
move on to the sessions
it's a lot for you guys to keep track of
all right lastly what time on monday can
we arrive to set up
i'm going to show you guys the full
schedule
um
so um on sunday if you're coming to
setups um you can set up from 12 30 to 4
30. registration will be open health and
safety will be open so if this is a good
time if you're in town or if you're
flying in early because you want
i will say this too a lot of flights as
you guys have probably known if you've
gone back to travel have been getting
delayed
missed
things that are not like direct flights
have screwed up schedules our team when
we just went to europa some of us got
there during europa
before um flight travel is a little
crazy right now um so i recommend if you
can getting an early just to buffer
yourself a day so that you don't show up
to annual at least some someone on your
team that's there to anchor annual
because there will be slight delays so
we are open sunday for this reason
because i know a lot of people are
trying to come in early now just with
all the craziness in air traffic travel
um
so we're sunday we're open 12 30 to 4 30
you can rush is open health and safety
is open the sponsor holds but you can
come get tested you can come get your
badges
out of your booth you can be all set up
sunday
if you're coming in monday we're open
for a lot longer because it's the main
load-in day um so we are open from 11 to
6 on monday so same thing sponsor hall's
open fridge is open also safety phone
everyone can come get their badges
question we've gotten before that i'm
addressed now can i pick up my badges
for somebody else on my team no your
team has to come get their badges
individually especially because they're
gonna individually get checked for their
covid and vaccine requirements so you
cannot be like i have brian's kind of a
card here i'm gonna check him in no no
no they have to show up themselves
don't they you do have to show up
yourself
yes show up show up this view
[Music]
so
that's monday tuesday we started coming
in to
um actual show days um so we are open
early these days before
the attendees come for about an hour so
you can
come starting at 7 30
attendance attendees really won't be
coming until 8 30 or 9 so you've got
about a 90 minute buffer there um and
then same thing on the other days you
can come
7 30 on the mornings of um
to come if you have any last-minute
people or if you've got new people who
are switching not switching but taking
over shifts
in your sponsor booth
um
there's the ant
so last question we've got here and then
we will wrap there are any other
questions um can we do cover testing on
sunday on premises yes so yeah that's
what we mean by health and safety will
be open we'll have testing available
starting sunday so sunday
through the event you can come you can
come early as a father you can get your
balance you can get tested and you can
get all cleared
presumably
enter the event um if you're worried
about it because your team is traveling
um
what we found in europa is there you can
do just an over-the-counter test you
know the abbott ones the rapid tests any
of the tests that you get like a farm
you know cvs walgreens your pharmacy of
choice that you like your local
drugstore um you can do that and test
before you get on the plane you can just
when you get there and bring it with you
um
you can do this too some people did you
know
applying no risk so
um just if you want to be super sure
that like you're the team that you're
sending will get in um i just recommend
testing them before they get on the
board
that you're sure
they'll be able to you know
come to september what we would hate is
for your team to wait i'll get tested on
site and then you're
you're all sick which would be terrible
then you can't come into this answer or
you all get delayed with like crazy
plane delays so yeah i asked a little
stressful planning like the logistics
but um
definitely book your travel and hotels
if you haven't already and try and try
and go direct if you can it does seem to
help i know california is a little far
from these kinds of problems
but if at all possible
the least amount of stops
for air travel right now the better
and leave some room for swag like i've
had people
i've honestly had people like shift us
back to the shipping company because
they've gotten so much swag from their
team or like that's what they wanted in
the bay area um
that takes longer so you know
it does anyway
it does all right i think there are a
number of questions so
hopefully we answer them all we answered
40 questions so hopefully that was
helpful that's pretty good brian good
job
we rocked it
40 questions all right um booth graphics
due by 5 pm answered a lot of questions
thanks for submitting them and if you
have something else you want to see on
next week's webinar other than swag and
like brain dates and stuff
let us know we are amenable to feedback
send us customers that you want to come
don't forget no send us your business
send it send it oh yeah
yeah all right
lots of work to do thanks everyone see
you new graphics go hey booth graphics
bye
okay bye
bye everyone